# ASSESSMENT 3: Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.


1. What is `this` in JavaScript?

  Your answer: The lexical 'this' describes an attribute of a class, or more specifically, of the object generated by a class. 'this' is an object that contains
                all helper methods and stateful data. Conceptually, when writing a class it is a placeholder for the name of the object. For example, the str.split()
                method is most likely defined in the Array.prototype.string class using 'this'. The logic for this method would need to invoke 'this' to access its own data
                and output a manipulation thereof.

  Researched answer: In Javascript the 'this' keyword refers to the object it belongs to. As a method, it refers to the owner object. As a function, it refers to
                      the global. In an event, 'this' refers to the corresponding element that fired the event. In strict mode, 'this' is undefined.



2. What is yarn? What file(s) are modified in a React application when you run yarn?

  Your answer: yarn is a package manager for Javascript libraries. It installs and maintains packages based on a package.json file that describes the name of each
                module and the desired version number of said module. If no version number is specified, it typically defaults to the latest stable release. Whenever
                yarn installs a dependency, it will add the name and actual version number installed to the yarn.lock file. You can modify the package.json and run $ yarn
                to install a new/updated plugin, or you can use $ yarn add ${plugin name here}. In either scenario, yarn will attempt to install the package and add the result
                to the yarn.lock file.

  Researched answer: Yarn is a package manager that also fills the role of a project manage. It was developed by Facebook after failing to adequately refactor npm
                    for their needs. Refactoring npm was slow and difficult, so Facebook decided to just do it themselves. It effectively replaces npm as a package manager.
                    Yarn specifically checks first that all its dependencies are compatible, then looks into the global cache to see if it needs to download anything to
                    bring the package up to date with the .json file. If it does, it fetches all the data for the package and places is in a cache, then finally moves
                    all this information into the appropriate node_modules folder and links it together with the project.



3. What are props in React?

  Your answer: props is short for properties, at least in my head. They are values and methods that are passed from a parent class to a child class. More specifically,
              props is an object that a child class has access to that contains all the information from the parent class, including all its helper methods and data.

  Researched answer: When React sees an element in JSX representing a user-defined component, it passes JSX attributes to this component as a single object called 'props'.
                    Props are read-only, meaning they cannot be modified once packaged together. However, they can still be accessed within the child component. All React
                    components MUST act like pure functions(they do not attempt to change their inputs) with respect to their props.



4. What is JSX?

  Your answer: JSX is fake HTML. It is a notation used in React render output that represents the desired HTML elements. The render method will translate it and display
                it on the application as raw HTML. This transformation can be viewed by comparing the Javascript code with the elements shown in our developer console. JSX
                is extremely versatile, as it contains all default HTML tags but can also be used to invoke a React Component child class as an HTML element, often with complex
                logic and behavior. JSX is not restrictive, as the developer can enter or exit Javascript code at any point during the return statement of the render method.

  Researched answer: JSX stands for JavaScript XML and is a syntax extension of Javascript. It allows for the writing of HTML in React.js and for the insertion of
                      fully functional Javascript logic into the HTML. There have been other methods of writing in HTML in Javascript, but JSX is the fastest and most
                      reusable for templates. JSX also prevents XSS(injection attacks).



5. What is a DOM event?

  Your answer: DOM events are any and all interactions between the user and the UI of an HTML page. Clicks, typing, scrolling, etc. Any action the user makes will
              fire a DOM event that can be fully interpreted by the frontend code. There are instances of DOM events not caused by the user, such as fetch request/responses.
              However, most DOM events are caused by interaction from a user.

  Researched answer: DOM events allow Javascript to register event handlers to specific HTML elements. There are ~100 different types of DOM event.



6. STRETCH: What is an anonymous function in JavaScript?

  Your answer: I'm not sure, but I think anonymous functions do not belong to any other function or object/class. This kind of highlights the difference between 'method'
                and 'function', as a method is attached to a particular piece of data but a function is a standalone piece of code.

  Researched answer: I got this totally wrong, I forgot that arrow functions are known as anonymous. Anonymous functions are functions that do not have names. Because
                    they are not named, they cannot be called anywhere other than where they are defined. Due to this, they are used mostly as callback functions within the
                    arguments of other function invocations. An anonymous function allows us to pass a specific code block to be executed as part of another method's execution.


## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

1. Conditional rendering: This is a term for when you only want a component to render on a page some of the time. There's more than one way to do this, but I think the
                          cleanest one is to put a boolean expression in the JSX in curly braces with a logical and and some more JSX. For instance,
                          {this.state.shouldRender && (<>Heres some JSX to render</>)}

2. Ruby: Ruby is an object oriented programming language written in C. Every single element of Ruby is an object. It is an interpreted, dynamic, high-level language.
        It was developed by Japanese engineer Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto. According to Wikipedia, it was named after the birthstone of one of Matz' colleagues. It is praised
        for having extremely legible syntax and omitting as much punctuation as virtually possible. Code blocks are not wrapped in punctuation, but rather by def and end
          statements.

3. Object oriented programming: OOP is a programming paradigm revolving around objects and classes. Its advantages are reusability and scalability. When everything
                                in your code is derived from classes, the only things you ever have to define are new behaviors. Old behaviors never need to be
                                redefined. Ruby and Javascript are both OOP languages, and others include C++, Java, and Python.

4. Ruby hash: A hash in Ruby is basically akin to an object in Javascript, in some ways. Hashes are what you use to store :key => 'value' pairs in Ruby. They differ because
              hashes are only data, not behavioral objects. In Javascript object is a blanket term that covers both of these. Syntactical sugar for hashes in Ruby looks like
              { key: 'value' } but this was only recently implemented so many legacy codebases don't use it.

5. Ruby blocks: A block being a section of executable code, Ruby blocks are similar to the code-block wrapped in { curly braces } in Javascript. However, as Ruby
                does its best to stay away from non-letter characters, blocks in Ruby are wrapped in a def and end statement instead. Since Ruby is executed line-by-line,
                you cannot put multiple statements on the same line. When calling a Ruby block, each line will be evaluated and executed sequentially until the end statement.
